Add recommendations for tooling and systems in multiple sections, add a new reliability section . (#541)
microsoft/code-with-engineering-playbook: reliability/README.md

> # Reliability

Reviewer: This is a good new section but I think some of it should at least tie back in to maybe the agile process possible.  e.g. pointing to best practices on retroing some of the mishaps out and using existing ceremonies to call those items out maybe

Author: Good idea! added a note to the bottom, let me know if you think there's a better way to include more info here

# Reliability

All of the other CSE Eng Fundamentals work towards a more reliable infrastrucute. Automated integration and deployment ensures code is properly tested, and helps remove human error, while slow releases build confidence in the code. Observability helps more quickly pinpoint errors when they arise to get back to a stable state, and so on.

However there are some additional steps we can take, that don't neatly fit into the previous categories, to help ensure a more reliable solution. We'll explore these below.

## Remove "Foot-Guns"

> Prevent your dev team from shooting themselves in the foot. People make mistakes; any mistake made in production is not the fault of that person, moreso it's the collective fault of the system to not prevent that mistake from happening.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Prevent your dev team from shooting themselves in the foot. People make mistakes; any mistake made in production is not the fault of that person, more so it's the collective fault of the system to not prevent that mistake from happening.
```

Check out the below list for some common tooling to remove these foot guns:

* In Kubernetes, leverage [Admission Controllers](https://kubernetes.io/docs/reference/access-authn-authz/admission-controllers/) to prevent "bad things" from happening.
  * You can create custom controllers using the Webhook Admission controller.
* [Gatekeeper](https://github.com/open-policy-agent/gatekeeper) is a pre-built Webhook Admission controller, leveraging [OPA](https://github.com/open-policy-agent/opa) underneath the hood, with support for some [out-of-the-box protections](https://github.com/open-policy-agent/gatekeeper-library/tree/master/library)

If a user ever makes a mistake, don't ask: "how could somebody possibly do that?", do ask: "how can we prevent this from happening in the future?"

## Autoscaling

Whenever possible, leverage autoscaling for your deployments. Vertical autoscaling can scale your VM's by tuning parameters like CPU, disk, and RAM, while horizontal autoscaling can tune the number of running images backing your deployments. Autoscaling can help your system respond to inorganic growth in traffic, and prevent failing requests due to resource starvation.

> > Note: In environments like K8s, both horizontal and vertical autoscaling are offered as a native solution. The VM's backing each Pod however, may also need autoscaling to handle an increase in the number of Pods.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
> **Note:** In environments like K8s, both horizontal and vertical autoscaling are offered as a native solution. The VM's backing each Pod however, may also need autoscaling to handle an increase in the number of Pods.
```

It should also be noted that the parameters that affect autoscaling can be difficult to tune. Typical metrics like CPU or RAM utilization, or request rate may not be enough. Sometimes you might want to consider custom metrics, like cache eviction rate.

## Loadshedding & DOS Protection

> Often we think of Denial of Service [DOS] attacks as an act from a malicious actor, so we place some Loadshedding at the gates to our system and call it a day. In reality, many DOS attacks are unintentional, and self-inflicted. A bad deployment that takes down a Cache results in hammering downstream services. Polling from a distributed system synchronizes and results in a [thundering herd](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Thundering_herd_problem). A misconfiguration results in an error which triggers clients to retry uncontrollably. Requests append to a stored object until it is so big that future reads crash the server. The list goes on.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Often we think of Denial of Service [DOS] attacks as an act from a malicious actor, so we place some load shedding at the gates to our system and call it a day. In reality, many DOS attacks are unintentional, and self-inflicted. A bad deployment that takes down a Cache results in hammering downstream services. Polling from a distributed system synchronizes and results in a [thundering herd](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Thundering_herd_problem). A misconfiguration results in an error which triggers clients to retry uncontrollably. Requests append to a stored object until it is so big that future reads crash the server. The list goes on.
```

Follow these steps to protect yourself:

* Add a jitter (random) to any action that occurs from a non user triggered flow (ie: add a random duration to the sleep in a cron, or job that continously polls a downstream service).
* Implement [exponential backoff retry policies](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Exponential_backoff) in your client code

> * Add loadshedding to your servers (yes, your internal microservices too).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* Add load shedding to your servers (yes, your internal microservices too).
```

* Failover to healthy services
  * [Leader Election](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Leader_election) can be used to keep healthy services on standby in case the leader experiences issues.
  * Entire cluster failover can redirect traffic to another region or availability zone.
  * Propagate downstream failures of **dependent services** up the stack via healthchecks, so that your ingress points can re-route to healthy services.
* [Circuit breakers](https://techblog.constantcontact.com/software-development/circuit-breakers-and-microservices/#:~:text=The%20Circuit%20breaker%20pattern%20helps,unavailable%20or%20have%20high%20latency.) can bail early on requests vs. propogating errors throughout the system

## Practice

[None of the above recommendations will work if they are not tested](https://thinkmeta.net/2010/11/06/what-is-an-untested-dr-plan-worth/). Your backups are meaningless if you don't know how to mount them. Your cluster failover and other mitigations will regress over time if they are not tested. Here's some tips to test the above:

### Maintain Playbooks

> No software service is complete without playbooks to navigate the devs through unfamiliar territory. Playbooks should be thorough and cover all known failure scenarios and mitigations.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
No software service is complete without playbooks to navigate the developers through unfamiliar territory. Playbooks should be thorough and cover all known failure scenarios and mitigations.
```
